Amazon Bedrock -  Add Guardrails metrics (#12250)
elastic/integrations: packages/aws_bedrock/_dev/build/docs/README.md

{{event "runtime"}}
{{fields "runtime"}}

### Guardrails Metrics

> AWS Guardrail metrics include `Invocations`, `InvocationLatency`, `InvocationClientErrors`, `InvocationServerErrors`, `InvocationThrottles`, `TextUnitCount`, and `InvocationsIntervened`. These metrics enable several use cases, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amazon Bedrock Guardrail metrics include `Invocations`, `InvocationLatency`, `InvocationClientErrors`, `InvocationServerErrors`, `InvocationThrottles`, `TextUnitCount`, and `InvocationsIntervened`. These metrics enable several use cases, such as:
```

Author: Thanks. Fixed.
